The front of Berghain$
The last rays of the setting sun outline a huge, dark industrial building.
Multicolored lights flash in the windows of the upper floors as the muffled
thump of techno music shakes the sidewalk. This is the most exclusive nightclub
in the world, and you’re dying to get in!

You spot your best friend Pascal, who runs up, lets out a cheery “hey gurrl!”
and gives you a hug.

Behind a velvet rope stands the doorman Sven, a large tattooed and bearded man
with facial piercings wearing head-to-toe leather. You and Pascal approach
with awe.

Before you can say a word Sven looks down at you and says “Your friend
can come in but I’m sorry, you’re not getting in dressed like that”.

Shattered, you share a quick glance with Pascal, then turn and walk away from
the club.

Pascal says, “Don’t worry, we can get you a new outfit, the stores around here
are open another two hours".

You look in your wallet: you’ve got €200 to get your new look together.

You must find shoes, two items of clothing (top and bottom) and an accessory
that will combine to form the perfect look!

Can you do it in time and on budget?
Can you trust Pascal’s taste?
Can you trust your own?

Most importantly, can you…

GET INTO BERGHAIN?$
You can barely see out the outline of the giant club in front of the hazy night
sky. The music is louder, and you catch silhouettes of dancers in the windows.
The party's really heating up!

Sven looks like he hasn't moved a muscle since the last time you were here.
Pascal looks at you and whispers, "good luck!" as you both move towards
the door.$
Sven looks you up and down, pauses for a moment, then says "Aren't you missing
something?" The velvet rope stays closed.

With a flash, realize you are indeed missing something!

You and Pascal walk off into the night to complete your look.$
Without even moving his head, Sven says, "I'm sorry, not tonight."

Crushed, you burst into tears. Pascal tries to console you but it's no use.

As you and Pascal walk away, the inky blackness swallows you up.

You'll never get into Berghain and life has no meaning.
$
Sven cocks his head and looks you over. He's silent for a moment, then
he leans over and unlatches the velvet rope.

"Bitte", he says, gesturing towards the door.

You can't believe it! You cry tears of joy as Pascal smiles at you.

You grasp the door handle and pull.

No matter what failures you've had in your life, no matter how worthless you
may feel, at least you have this:

You GOT INTO BERGHAIN!
$